[Activity changes] Upcoming activities run as listed (one queue) and can be canceled (#23075)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/Audit-logs.md

}
```

## canceled_script

Generated when upcoming script is canceled on a host.

This activity contains the following fields:
- host_id: ID of the host on which the script was canceled.
- host_display_name: Display name of the host.
- script_id: ID of the script that's canceled.
- script_name: Name of the script that's canceled.

#### Example

```json
{
  "host_id": 42,
  "host_display_name": "Anna's MacBook Pro",
  "script_id": 24,
  "script_name": "set-timezone.sh"
}
```

## canceled_software_install

> Generated when upcoming script is canceled on a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated when upcoming software install is canceled on a host.
```

This activity contains the following fields:
- host_id: ID of the host on which the script was canceled.
- host_display_name: Display name of the host.

> - software_title_id: ID of the software title that's canceled.
> - software_title_name: Name of the software title that's canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- software_title_id: ID of the software title with canceled installation.
- software_title_name: Name of the software title with canceled installation.
```
